x0 y0 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x0 y1 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x0 y2 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x0 y3 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x0 y4 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x0 y5 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x0 y6 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x0 y7 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x0 y8 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x0 y9 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x1 y0 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x1 y1 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x1 y2 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x1 y3 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x1 y4 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x1 y5 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x1 y6 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x1 y7 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x1 y8 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x1 y9 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x2 y0 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x2 y1 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x2 y2 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x2 y3 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x2 y4 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x2 y5 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x2 y6 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x2 y7 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x2 y8 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x2 y9 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x3 y0 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x3 y1 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x3 y2 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x3 y3 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x3 y4 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x3 y5 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x3 y6 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x3 y7 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x3 y8 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x3 y9 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x4 y0 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x4 y1 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x4 y2 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x4 y3 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x4 y4 typeWallHorizontal underlayFieldLight orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x4 y5 typeWallVertical underlayFieldLight orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x4 y6 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x4 y7 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x4 y8 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x4 y9 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x5 y0 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x5 y1 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x5 y2 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x5 y3 typeForest underlayFieldLight orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x5 y4 typeForest underlayFieldLight orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x5 y5 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x5 y6 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x5 y7 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x5 y8 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x5 y9 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x6 y0 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x6 y1 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x6 y2 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x6 y3 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x6 y4 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x6 y5 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x6 y6 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x6 y7 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x6 y8 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x6 y9 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x7 y0 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x7 y1 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x7 y2 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x7 y3 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x7 y4 typeWallNorthWest underlayFieldLight orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x7 y5 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x7 y6 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x7 y7 typeSand underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x7 y8 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x7 y9 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x8 y0 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x8 y1 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x8 y2 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x8 y3 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x8 y4 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x8 y5 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x8 y6 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x8 y7 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x8 y8 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x8 y9 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x9 y0 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x9 y1 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x9 y2 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x9 y3 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x9 y4 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x9 y5 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x9 y6 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x9 y7 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x9 y8 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
x9 y9 typeFieldLight underlaynull orientationbattalions.data.Orientation@1218025c 
